audit usages of `evaluate` (#655)
jump-dev/Convex.jl: docs/src/developer/contributing.md

 -   Ensure the atom is a mutable struct, so that `objectid` can be called.
 -   Add as a comment a description of what the atom does and its
     parameters.
 -   Ensure `evaluate` is only called during the definition of `evaluate` itself, from `conic_form!`, or
     on constants or matrices. Specifically, `evaluate` must not be called on a potentially `fix!`'d variable

>      when the expression tree is being built (e.g. when constructing an atom or reformulating),

Author: ```suggestion
     when the expression tree is being built (for example, when constructing an atom or reformulating),
```
